just wanted to let you use me it's just
something that gangster
got the
you got me like I see
every time it's me and you gotta compose
myself
gotta keep my don't wanna get too
excited boy I've been waiting
in the street but when it comes to me
you know so sweet
here they call you gangsta something
hard
I don't care as long as you go easy with
her
it's over boy you got me want to move
gotta compose myself
gangster the love that I need
salud
but when it comes to me you love so
sweet
say you wanna get you
speaking my language
Jim just say you want that gangster love
what you're gonna do with it
let me on the street so I could never be
true written I'm so committed to why
don't you get it you try it I buy it my
cat's got no limits and without thought
I finish real life no gimmicks cuz you
might certified a bona fide rider chick
come on keep it real boo I love the way
you ride this thing how mean the car
yeah baby you were talking drinks by the
board and I could see how freaky you
walk Oh show me girls better than me
surround better than cheap dude claiming
they be ready for you every better let's
see
when that dead this case the loaf um
like a way you shout the numbers shelf
it lets them fight a lot of nights and
then you hang the phone up 20 minutes
later pick you up to do a grown-up you
gangsta plus some gangsta so V King
stores
in this nexus with me ain't no gangsta
better been nice
gangster the know that I need
me straight when it comes to me he loves
all sweet
you